Now, let's return back to
the previous example one more time and instead of using a tumbling window,
let's use a hopping window.
The first thing we're going to do is define the size of the window.
Here we're going to have a three second size.
We're going to have a step of five seconds,
and we'll use an expires time of 10 minutes.
So the expires time isn't something that we really need to see in this demo.
I just want to show you how to pass this variable.
Remember, expires tells first
that it can keep around the data from previous windows for up to 10 minutes.
Size says I want a window size of 30 seconds.
But the step says every five seconds,
I want you to move that window forward.
So let's go ahead and run this example. All right.
So we can see our example advancing forward,
and it's little hard to see because of how fast it's running.
But you can see here USD is 18547078 and if we keep scrolling,
let's see where we got twos.
Now you can see that the US dollar is now reset to 91494.
So it's a little hard to see,
but you can see we went from this number.
So we went from 18547078 to 91494.
So you can see that the window is rolling
over and incrementing at these five second chance.